Add release notes for 8.9.0 release (#97061)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/8.9.0.asciidoc

* Update data streams implicit timestamp `ignore_malformed` settings {es-pull}96051[#96051]

EQL::
* Sequence - add support for missing events {es-pull}92348[#92348]

Engine::
* Cache modification time of translog writer file {es-pull}95107[#95107]
* Trigger refresh when shard becomes search active {es-pull}96321[#96321] (issue: {es-issue}95544[#95544])

Geo::
* Add brute force approach to `GeoHashGridTiler` {es-pull}96863[#96863]
* Asset tracking - geo_line for TSDB {es-pull}94954[#94954]

ILM+SLM::
* Reduce WaitForNoFollowersStep requests indices shard stats {es-pull}94510[#94510]

Indices APIs::
* Bootstrap profiling indices at startup {es-pull}95666[#95666]

Infra/Node Lifecycle::
* SIGTERM node shutdown type {es-pull}95430[#95430]

Ingest Node::
* Add mappings for enrich fields {es-pull}96056[#96056]
* Ingest: expose reroute inquiry/reset via Elastic-internal API bridge {es-pull}96958[#96958]

Machine Learning::
* Improved compliance with memory limitations {ml-pull}2469[#2469]
* Improve detection of calendar cyclic components with long bucket lengths {ml-pull}2493[#2493]

> * Improve detection of time shifts, for example for day light saving {ml-pull}2479[#2479]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve detection of time shifts, for example for daylight saving {ml-pull}2479[#2479]
```
